docs/Contributing.md, before:

# Contributing to React Native WebView

First off, _thank you_ for considering contributing to the React Native Community. The community-supported packages are only possible because of amazing people like you.

Secondly, we'd like the contribution experience to be as good as possible. While we are a small all-volunteer team, we are happy to hear feedback about your experience, and if we can make the docs or experience better please let us know.

## How to test changes

After you fork the repo, clone it to your machine, and make your changes, you'll want to test them in an app.

There are two methods of testing:
1) Testing within a clone of react-native-webview
2) Testing in a new `react-native init` project

### Testing within react-native-webview

#### For all platforms:
```
$ yarn install
```

#### For Android:
```
$ yarn start:android
```

The Android example app will built, the Metro Bundler will launch, and the example app will be installed and started in the Android emulator.

#### For iOS:
```
$ cd example/ios
$ pod install
$ cd ../..
$ yarn start:ios
```

The iOS example app will be built, the Metro bundler will launch, and the example app will be install and started in the Simulator.

#### for macOS:
```
$ open example/macos/example.xcodeproj
$ yarn start:macos
```

The Metro Bundler will now be running in the Terminal for react-native-macos.  In XCode select the `example-macos` target and Run.

#### For Windows:
```
$ yarn start:windows
$ open example/windows/WebViewWindows.sln and click run button.
```

The Metro Bundler will now be running in the Terminal for react-native-windows and the example app will be install and started

### Testing in a new `react-native init` project

In a new `react-native init` project, do this:

```
$ yarn add ../react-native-webview
$ react-native link react-native-webview
```

You may run into a problem where the `jest-haste-map` module map says react-native was added twice:

```
Loading dependency graph...(node:32651) UnhandledPromiseRejectionWarning: Error: jest-haste-map: Haste module naming collision:
  Duplicate module name: react-native
  Paths: /Users/myuser/TestApp/node_modules/react-native/package.json collides with /Users/myuser/TestApp/node_modules/react-native-webview/node_modules/react-native/package.json
```

Just remove the second path like this:

```
$ rm -rf ./node_modules/react-native-webview/node_modules/react-native
```

And then re-run the packager:

```
$ react-native start --reset-cache
```

When you make a change, you'll probably need to unlink, remove, re-add, and re-link `react-native-webview`:

```
$ react-native unlink react-native-webview && yarn remove react-native-webview
$ yarn add ../react-native-webview && react-native link react-native-webview
```

## Notes

- We use TypeScript.
- After pulling this repo and installing all dependencies, you can run tests using the command: `yarn ci`

## Translations

This file is available at:

- [Brazilian portuguese](Contributing.portuguese.md)

Commit message:

docs: update the contributing guide on how to build/start the test apps (#2381)

docs/Contributing.md, after:

# Contributing to React Native WebView

First off, _thank you_ for considering contributing to the React Native Community. The community-supported packages are only possible because of amazing people like you.

Secondly, we'd like the contribution experience to be as good as possible. While we are a small all-volunteer team, we are happy to hear feedback about your experience, and if we can make the docs or experience better please let us know.

## How to test changes

After you fork the repo, clone it to your machine, and make your changes, you'll want to test them in an app.

There are two methods of testing:
1) Testing within a clone of react-native-webview
2) Testing in a new `react-native init` project

### Testing within react-native-webview

#### For all platforms:

```sh
yarn install
```

#### For Android:

```sh
yarn android
```

The Android example app will built, the Metro Bundler will launch, and the example app will be installed and started in the Android emulator.

#### For iOS:

```sh
pod install --project-directory=ios
yarn ios
```

The iOS example app will be built, the Metro bundler will launch, and the example app will be installed and started in the Simulator.

#### For macOS:

```sh
pod install --project-directory=macos
yarn macos
```

The macOS example app will be built, the Metro bundler will launch, and the example app will be installed and started.

#### For Windows:

```sh
yarn windows
```

The Windows example app will be built, the Metro bundler will launch, and the example app will be installed and started.

### Testing in a new `react-native init` project

In a new `react-native init` project, do this:

```
$ yarn add ../react-native-webview
$ react-native link react-native-webview
```

You may run into a problem where the `jest-haste-map` module map says react-native was added twice:

```
Loading dependency graph...(node:32651) UnhandledPromiseRejectionWarning: Error: jest-haste-map: Haste module naming collision:
  Duplicate module name: react-native
  Paths: /Users/myuser/TestApp/node_modules/react-native/package.json collides with /Users/myuser/TestApp/node_modules/react-native-webview/node_modules/react-native/package.json
```

Just remove the second path like this:

```
$ rm -rf ./node_modules/react-native-webview/node_modules/react-native
```

And then re-run the packager:

```
$ react-native start --reset-cache
```

When you make a change, you'll probably need to unlink, remove, re-add, and re-link `react-native-webview`:

```
$ react-native unlink react-native-webview && yarn remove react-native-webview
$ yarn add ../react-native-webview && react-native link react-native-webview
```

## Notes

- We use TypeScript.
- After pulling this repo and installing all dependencies, you can run tests using the command: `yarn ci`

## Translations

This file is available at:

- [Brazilian portuguese](Contributing.portuguese.md)
